To whom it may concern,

I thank you for your time and am going to propose a new game for our company to produce called Battleship. This game has the potential to be incredibly influential and profitable, pushing our company brand to new heights due to its ingenuity and entertaining premise. I am asking only of you to approve this game to be developed so that it may lead to major success with the public, and for the company.

Battleship places the user into the feet of a commander in charge of a cruise missile destroyer, USS John Paul Jones, and the ship is under attack. The satellites are down, and the player must defeat the enemy with their ship intact. With only the sonar at the user’s disposal, they have only their strategic skills to use when destroying the enemy fleet. The enemy’s fleet consists of an aircraft carrier, a destroyer, a battleship, a submarine and a frigate, and only when taking down each of these vessels does the player claim victory against the enemy force.

Players specifically will need to choose where to launch missiles within a 10 by 10 grid within the water. By using only the sonar’s feedback responding with information on the success of the launch, they must deduce the location of every enemy vehicle, and sink them before the enemy can take the player out. Will the player claim victory against the enemy force, or will they be unable to handle the pressure, failing their crew and leaving the enemy free to expand their stretch to the open seas?

Battleship will put us above the competition because this game is entirely dependent on the player’s strategic thinking. Players will feel more rewarded for winning this game than any luck based game out on the market currently. This game model forces the player to be engaged with the game, or fail their mission. The game is also designed to have weight, putting responsibility and a story into their hands, either succeeding and turning this into the story of a hero, or failing and being a harrowing tale of defeat and loss. Both end results will keep the player engaged, and keep coming back to hone their skills.

This has the potential to become a staple game in the industry, and increase the company’s notability and respect in both the public and our competitor’s eyes. This game will see massive return on investment, and with your permission, we can make this game a reality. As the leading game developer, I will make this become a reality. Thank you for your time, and I look forward to working on this project for the company.

Sincerely, 
Isabelle Viraldo
